hey guys kitty July are you totally sick
of me yet this is the third video i'll
be uploading and it's not even ten
o'clock yet in my defense i made one of
the videos two days ago my food journal
and my computer spazzed out and I made
my weekly update yesterday and then
youtube was down for maintenance so I
haven't just been sitting here recording
videos and changing outfits it's really
a thursday for me but the reason that
i'm making this video is because i
really wanted to do a contest and I
think I have a pretty good idea for one
it's my first contest so who use indulge
me I have been kind of exploring you
foods lately and like eating a little
bit more and not wanting to eat as many
protein bars all the time so looking for
new ways to get protein and it's not
just you know grilled chicken and then
watching other people's videos it seems
like tons and tons of people are having
the munchies are really snacky or
looking around so this isn't a snacking
video necessarily but it is your
favorite grocery items video so it
doesn't have to be something that you
get every week and it doesn't even have
to be like a super big treat but just
something that you found that you were
really excited about you haven't seen a
ton of people talking about on the board
so you ever me my power crunch peanut
butter away from bars delicious but I'm
not going to mention them I have three
things that I found in lost two weeks
that are all really really delicious and
exciting and I'm going to shown to you
the rules of the contest so it's
Wednesday the 18th I think so i'll do
the deadline next friday so not in two
days but the next friday and either make
a video response ideally so that people
can see the packaging of what you're
showing off with hopefully the
nutritional information if you commit it
out or you can go ahead leave a pack of
comment if you leave like all the full
details so i'll consider both entries
into the contest although videos would
be awesome and the winner I can't decide
of them do one winner or two I feel like
to maybe more enticing because it's more
options to win but I'm going to put
together a little care package of some
of my favorite food thing so not
necessarily
now because I don't think it will travel
well but um you know little boxes retail
value one bajillion dollars okay not
really but probably 30 you know cute
little package okay so the first thing
people talking about carbs I found these
at whole foods see if you can see it so
the kitchen Baker's handmade all
parmesan gourmet wafer crisp these are
the everything flavor and I have been
eating a few crackers myself and just
not that interested in it here is what
one of them looks like there's only one
left so it sort of looks like a
multigrain cracker it smells kind of
like parmesan it's pretty toasted but
instead of like no protein all
carbohydrates surrey crackers which is
pretty big i can eat two of them usually
three crackers is 80 calories six grams
of fat which isn't great but only to
carbohydrates for cvd crackers one fiber
and seven grams of protein so I mean the
ingredients on this it's gluten-free
have the ingredients here sorry oh the
ingredients are part skim milk sesame
seeds poppy seeds garlic onion cheese
salt and vine so it's really just like
they're making a little manatees and
baking it but it tastes like a cracker
so I'll actually put some goat cheese on
top with Emperor's like disgusting to
real foodies but I'm eating cheese on
cheese crackers or you know whatever
kind of onion confit whatever kind of
spread I want they're so good they're
like seriously good so this is going to
go in the prize box that I give to the
one or two winners probably too I can't
imagine 261 it's really exciting and
then the other thing for me I really
like cottage cheese but I don't like it
plain and it doesn't travel super well
to bring like a separate little tougher
of fruit or something and the ones that
are like combined together with fruit I
feel like I'm really sugary and I know
some of that lactose sugar was just
different but when it's all packaged
together it's hard to tell how much of
fruit is really sugary is adding to the
show garden comets effective so I've
been steering pretty clear of it unless
them at home but then I found these and
this I also got a whole foods I know
it's like a billion dollars that i love
it this is a line called Rachel's it's
pretty new and i had seen all of their
yogurt but this is cottage cheese and
then it's got sun-dried tomato pesto in
it so it's like a more savory cottage
cheese they also have the lines of
cottage cheese line in these little
yogurt kind of packaging with
pomegranate but they have other savory
ones who is limits cucumber and dill
really good and one of these is 130 in
one of these I mean is like a super meal
for me a lie's is 134 calories three
grams of fat six grams of sugar which is
nothing like even I know milk has some
sugar and you know the lactose I tend to
be more forgiving with myself but six
pounds is nothing and 15 grams of
protein for one of these so 75 percent
less sugar than yogurt is awesome if you
have these I won't send this in the
package obviously just because I don't
think I've it's useful wealthy enough we
should definitely check it out I think
they're yummy and then this is something
that I you know one of those three
videos that i uploaded today was my food
journal writes just a photo surfing in a
day and i had a Snapple so you might
have already seen this but they're
relatively new it's Snapple and on this
side here you can see it says
low-calorie Snapple so I try to limit
myself to one Snapple a day I have a
hard time getting it on my liquid so I
don't feel super guilty drinking like
artificial sugar and stuff if that's
what helps me get it in but I try to
only have one Snapple a day but then I'm
just getting so sick of the diet snapple
iced tea and I found this one is if you
see kiwi pear juice drink and it's sort
of like fuse but it's a little bit
thinner and the consistency's infused to
me and it's a little bit lighter this
one is Kiwi pair because I was pretty
good my girlfriend thought it was like
incredible we usually like opposite
things and then the one I made in my
video was vanoni berry which is like
raspberry and strawberry
light pink juice and now and I think
it's wrong shut that was so so so good
so that's what I've been drinking the
last few days I kind of switch to this
and I'm sure I'll drink it for a few
weeks and then switch back to fuse or
switch to Crystal Eye together whatever
I feel like I can't stay drinking the
same thing all the time but those are
the three things that I am in love with
lately for food so tell us what you're
in love with and yeah definitely keeps
it i mean i think videos would be fun
because then you have to see the
packaging and it's easier to find in the
stores and stuff but if not put a
comment below and you have 10 days about
so good luck talk to you guys later bye